README.md, before:

<!--
Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# cdk-nag

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/cdk-nag)](https://pypi.org/project/cdk-nag/)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cdk-nag)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cdk-nag)
[![Maven version](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.cdklabs/cdknag)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=a:cdknag)
[![NuGet version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cdklabs.CdkNag)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cdklabs.CdkNag)

Check CDK applications or [CloudFormation templates](#using-on-cloudformation-templates) for best practices using a combination of available rule packs. Inspired by [cfn_nag](https://github.com/stelligent/cfn_nag).

Check out [this blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/devops/manage-application-security-and-compliance-with-the-aws-cloud-development-kit-and-cdk-nag/) for a guided overview!

![](cdk_nag.gif)

## Available Packs

See [RULES](./RULES.md) for more information on all the available packs.

1. [AWS Solutions](./RULES.md#awssolutions)
2. [HIPAA Security](./RULES.md#hipaa-security)
3. [NIST 800-53 rev 4](./RULES.md#nist-800-53-rev-4)
4. [NIST 800-53 rev 5](./RULES.md#nist-800-53-rev-5)
5. [PCI DSS 3.2.1](./RULES.md#pci-dss-321)

Read the [NagPack developer docs](./docs/NagPack.md) if you are interested in creating your own pack.

## Usage

For a full list of options See `NagPackProps` in the [API.md](./API.md#struct-nagpackprops)

<details>
<summary>Including in an application</summary>

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
// Simple rule informational messages
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
// Additional explanations on the purpose of triggered rules
// Aspects.of(stack).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks({ verbose: true }));
```

</details>

## Suppressing a Rule

<details>
  <summary>Example 1) Default Construct</summary>

```typescript
import { SecurityGroup, Vpc, Peer, Port } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-ec2';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const test = new SecurityGroup(this, 'test', {
      vpc: new Vpc(this, 'vpc'),
    });
    test.addIngressRule(Peer.anyIpv4(), Port.allTraffic());
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(test, [
      { id: 'AwsSolutions-EC23', reason: 'lorem ipsum' },
    ]);
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 2) Child Constructs</summary>

```typescript
import { User, PolicyStatement } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const user = new User(this, 'rUser');
    user.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['s3:PutObject'],
        resources: ['arn:aws:s3:::bucket_name/*'],
      })
    );
    // Enable adding suppressions to child constructs
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      user,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'lorem ipsum',
          appliesTo: ['Resource::arn:aws:s3:::bucket_name/*'], // optional
        },
      ],
      true
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 3) Stack Level </summary>

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks, NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
const stack = new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
NagSuppressions.addStackSuppressions(stack, [
  { id: 'AwsSolutions-EC23', reason: 'lorem ipsum' },
]);
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 4) Construct path</summary>

If you received the following error on synth/deploy

```bash
[Error at /StackName/Custom::CDKBucketDeployment8675309/ServiceRole/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM4: The IAM user, role, or group uses AWS managed policies
```

```typescript
import { Bucket } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3';
import { BucketDeployment } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3-deployment';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    new BucketDeployment(this, 'rDeployment', {
      sources: [],
      destinationBucket: Bucket.fromBucketName(this, 'rBucket', 'foo'),
    });
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressionsByPath(
      this,
      '/StackName/Custom::CDKBucketDeployment8675309/ServiceRole/Resource',
      [{ id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM4', reason: 'at least 10 characters' }]
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 5) Granular Suppressions of findings</summary>

Certain rules support granular suppressions of `findings`. If you received the following errors on synth/deploy

```bash
[Error at /StackName/rFirstUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Action::s3:*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
[Error at /StackName/rFirstUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Resource::*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
[Error at /StackName/rSecondUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Action::s3:*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
[Error at /StackName/rSecondUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Resource::*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
```

By applying the following suppressions

```typescript
import { User } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const firstUser = new User(this, 'rFirstUser');
    firstUser.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['s3:*'],
        resources: ['*'],
      })
    );
    const secondUser = new User(this, 'rSecondUser');
    secondUser.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['s3:*'],
        resources: ['*'],
      })
    );
    const thirdUser = new User(this, 'rSecondUser');
    thirdUser.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['sqs:CreateQueue'],
        resources: [`arn:aws:sqs:${this.region}:${this.account}:*`],
      })
    );
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      firstUser,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason:
            "Only suppress AwsSolutions-IAM5 's3:*' finding on First User.",
          appliesTo: ['Action::s3:*'],
        },
      ],
      true
    );
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      secondUser,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'Suppress all AwsSolutions-IAM5 findings on Second User.',
        },
      ],
      true
    );
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      thirdUser,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'Suppress AwsSolutions-IAM5 on the SQS resource.',
          appliesTo: [
            {
              regex: '/^Resource::arn:aws:sqs:(.*):\\*$/g',
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      true
    );
  }
}
```

You would see the following error on synth/deploy

```bash
[Error at /StackName/rFirstUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Resource::*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
```

</details>

## Rules and Property Overrides

In some cases L2 Constructs do not have a native option to remediate an issue and must be fixed via [Raw Overrides](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/cfn_layer.html#cfn_layer_raw). Since raw overrides take place after template synthesis these fixes are not caught by cdk-nag. In this case you should remediate the issue and suppress the issue like in the following example.

<details>
  <summary>Example) Property Overrides</summary>

```typescript
import {
  Instance,
  InstanceType,
  InstanceClass,
  MachineImage,
  Vpc,
  CfnInstance,
} from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-ec2';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const instance = new Instance(this, 'rInstance', {
      vpc: new Vpc(this, 'rVpc'),
      instanceType: new InstanceType(InstanceClass.T3),
      machineImage: MachineImage.latestAmazonLinux(),
    });
    const cfnIns = instance.node.defaultChild as CfnInstance;
    cfnIns.addPropertyOverride('DisableApiTermination', true);
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(instance, [
      {
        id: 'AwsSolutions-EC29',
        reason: 'Remediated through property override.',
      },
    ]);
  }
}
```

</details>

## Using on CloudFormation templates

You can use cdk-nag on existing CloudFormation templates by using the [cloudformation-include](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/use_cfn_template.html#use_cfn_template_install) module.

<details>
  <summary>Example 1) CloudFormation template with suppression</summary>

Sample CloudFormation template with suppression

```json
{
  "Resources": {
    "rBucket": {
      "Type": "AWS::S3::Bucket",
      "Properties": {
        "BucketName": "some-bucket-name"
      },
      "Metadata": {
        "cdk_nag": {
          "rules_to_suppress": [
            {
              "id": "AwsSolutions-S1",
              "reason": "at least 10 characters"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Sample App

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
```

Sample Stack with imported template

```typescript
import { CfnInclude } from 'aws-cdk-lib/cloudformation-include';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    new CfnInclude(this, 'Template', {
      templateFile: 'my-template.json',
    });
    // Add any additional suppressions
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressionsByPath(
      this,
      '/CdkNagDemo/Template/rBucket',
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-S2',
          reason: 'at least 10 characters',
        },
      ]
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 2) CloudFormation template with granular suppressions</summary>

Sample CloudFormation template with suppression

```json
{
  "Resources": {
    "myPolicy": {
      "Type": "AWS::IAM::Policy",
      "Properties": {
        "PolicyDocument": {
          "Statement": [
            {
              "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt",
                "kms:DescribeKey",
                "kms:Encrypt",
                "kms:ReEncrypt*",
                "kms:GenerateDataKey*"
              ],
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Resource": ["some-key-arn"]
            }
          ],
          "Version": "2012-10-17"
        }
      },
      "Metadata": {
        "cdk_nag": {
          "rules_to_suppress": [
            {
              "id": "AwsSolutions-IAM5",
              "reason": "Allow key data access",
              "applies_to": [
                "Action::kms:ReEncrypt*",
                "Action::kms:GenerateDataKey*"
              ]
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Sample App

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
```

Sample Stack with imported template

```typescript
import { CfnInclude } from 'aws-cdk-lib/cloudformation-include';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    new CfnInclude(this, 'Template', {
      templateFile: 'my-template.json',
    });
    // Add any additional suppressions
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressionsByPath(
      this,
      '/CdkNagDemo/Template/myPolicy',
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'Allow key data access',
          appliesTo: ['Action::kms:ReEncrypt*', 'Action::kms:GenerateDataKey*'],
        },
      ]
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.

Commit message:

docs: adding section regarding suppression of cdk-pipeline constructs

README.md, after:

<!--
Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# cdk-nag

[![PyPI version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/cdk-nag)](https://pypi.org/project/cdk-nag/)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cdk-nag)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cdk-nag)
[![Maven version](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.cdklabs/cdknag)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=a:cdknag)
[![NuGet version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cdklabs.CdkNag)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cdklabs.CdkNag)

Check CDK applications or [CloudFormation templates](#using-on-cloudformation-templates) for best practices using a combination of available rule packs. Inspired by [cfn_nag](https://github.com/stelligent/cfn_nag).

Check out [this blog post](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/devops/manage-application-security-and-compliance-with-the-aws-cloud-development-kit-and-cdk-nag/) for a guided overview!

![](cdk_nag.gif)

## Available Packs

See [RULES](./RULES.md) for more information on all the available packs.

1. [AWS Solutions](./RULES.md#awssolutions)
2. [HIPAA Security](./RULES.md#hipaa-security)
3. [NIST 800-53 rev 4](./RULES.md#nist-800-53-rev-4)
4. [NIST 800-53 rev 5](./RULES.md#nist-800-53-rev-5)
5. [PCI DSS 3.2.1](./RULES.md#pci-dss-321)

Read the [NagPack developer docs](./docs/NagPack.md) if you are interested in creating your own pack.

## Usage

For a full list of options See `NagPackProps` in the [API.md](./API.md#struct-nagpackprops)

<details>
<summary>Including in an application</summary>

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
// Simple rule informational messages
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
// Additional explanations on the purpose of triggered rules
// Aspects.of(stack).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks({ verbose: true }));
```

</details>

## Suppressing a Rule

<details>
  <summary>Example 1) Default Construct</summary>

```typescript
import { SecurityGroup, Vpc, Peer, Port } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-ec2';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const test = new SecurityGroup(this, 'test', {
      vpc: new Vpc(this, 'vpc'),
    });
    test.addIngressRule(Peer.anyIpv4(), Port.allTraffic());
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(test, [
      { id: 'AwsSolutions-EC23', reason: 'lorem ipsum' },
    ]);
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 2) Child Constructs</summary>

```typescript
import { User, PolicyStatement } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const user = new User(this, 'rUser');
    user.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['s3:PutObject'],
        resources: ['arn:aws:s3:::bucket_name/*'],
      })
    );
    // Enable adding suppressions to child constructs
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      user,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'lorem ipsum',
          appliesTo: ['Resource::arn:aws:s3:::bucket_name/*'], // optional
        },
      ],
      true
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 3) Stack Level </summary>

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks, NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
const stack = new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
NagSuppressions.addStackSuppressions(stack, [
  { id: 'AwsSolutions-EC23', reason: 'lorem ipsum' },
]);
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 4) Construct path</summary>

If you received the following error on synth/deploy

```bash
[Error at /StackName/Custom::CDKBucketDeployment8675309/ServiceRole/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM4: The IAM user, role, or group uses AWS managed policies
```

```typescript
import { Bucket } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3';
import { BucketDeployment } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-s3-deployment';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    new BucketDeployment(this, 'rDeployment', {
      sources: [],
      destinationBucket: Bucket.fromBucketName(this, 'rBucket', 'foo'),
    });
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressionsByPath(
      this,
      '/StackName/Custom::CDKBucketDeployment8675309/ServiceRole/Resource',
      [{ id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM4', reason: 'at least 10 characters' }]
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 5) Granular Suppressions of findings</summary>

Certain rules support granular suppressions of `findings`. If you received the following errors on synth/deploy

```bash
[Error at /StackName/rFirstUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Action::s3:*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
[Error at /StackName/rFirstUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Resource::*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
[Error at /StackName/rSecondUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Action::s3:*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
[Error at /StackName/rSecondUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Resource::*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
```

By applying the following suppressions

```typescript
import { User } from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-iam';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const firstUser = new User(this, 'rFirstUser');
    firstUser.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['s3:*'],
        resources: ['*'],
      })
    );
    const secondUser = new User(this, 'rSecondUser');
    secondUser.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['s3:*'],
        resources: ['*'],
      })
    );
    const thirdUser = new User(this, 'rSecondUser');
    thirdUser.addToPolicy(
      new PolicyStatement({
        actions: ['sqs:CreateQueue'],
        resources: [`arn:aws:sqs:${this.region}:${this.account}:*`],
      })
    );
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      firstUser,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason:
            "Only suppress AwsSolutions-IAM5 's3:*' finding on First User.",
          appliesTo: ['Action::s3:*'],
        },
      ],
      true
    );
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      secondUser,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'Suppress all AwsSolutions-IAM5 findings on Second User.',
        },
      ],
      true
    );
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(
      thirdUser,
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'Suppress AwsSolutions-IAM5 on the SQS resource.',
          appliesTo: [
            {
              regex: '/^Resource::arn:aws:sqs:(.*):\\*$/g',
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      true
    );
  }
}
```

You would see the following error on synth/deploy

```bash
[Error at /StackName/rFirstUser/DefaultPolicy/Resource] AwsSolutions-IAM5[Resource::*]: The IAM entity contains wildcard permissions and does not have a cdk-nag rule suppression with evidence for those permission.
```

</details>

## A Note on the Suppression of `aws-cdk-lib/pipelines` Violations

If you instantiate a `aws-cdk-lib/pipelines.CodePipeline` object and accept all defaults, you will be met with a decent number of policy violations that you will need to either remediate or suppress.

The `aws-cdk-lib/pipelines.CodePipeline` construct and its child constructs are unique in that they are not guaranteed to be "Visited" by `Aspects`, as they are not added during the "Construction" phase of the cdk lifecycle.  

In order to suppress constructs in this tree, be sure to call `.buildPipeline()` on your `CodePipeline` object prior to applying suppressions, otherwise you will see an error such as:

```
Error: Suppression path "/this/construct/path" did not match any resource. This can occur when a resource does not exist or if a suppression is applied before a resource is created.
```

See [this issue](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/issues/18440) for more information.

## Rules and Property Overrides

In some cases L2 Constructs do not have a native option to remediate an issue and must be fixed via [Raw Overrides](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/cfn_layer.html#cfn_layer_raw). Since raw overrides take place after template synthesis these fixes are not caught by cdk-nag. In this case you should remediate the issue and suppress the issue like in the following example.

<details>
  <summary>Example) Property Overrides</summary>

```typescript
import {
  Instance,
  InstanceType,
  InstanceClass,
  MachineImage,
  Vpc,
  CfnInstance,
} from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-ec2';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    const instance = new Instance(this, 'rInstance', {
      vpc: new Vpc(this, 'rVpc'),
      instanceType: new InstanceType(InstanceClass.T3),
      machineImage: MachineImage.latestAmazonLinux(),
    });
    const cfnIns = instance.node.defaultChild as CfnInstance;
    cfnIns.addPropertyOverride('DisableApiTermination', true);
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressions(instance, [
      {
        id: 'AwsSolutions-EC29',
        reason: 'Remediated through property override.',
      },
    ]);
  }
}
```

</details>

## Using on CloudFormation templates

You can use cdk-nag on existing CloudFormation templates by using the [cloudformation-include](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/use_cfn_template.html#use_cfn_template_install) module.

<details>
  <summary>Example 1) CloudFormation template with suppression</summary>

Sample CloudFormation template with suppression

```json
{
  "Resources": {
    "rBucket": {
      "Type": "AWS::S3::Bucket",
      "Properties": {
        "BucketName": "some-bucket-name"
      },
      "Metadata": {
        "cdk_nag": {
          "rules_to_suppress": [
            {
              "id": "AwsSolutions-S1",
              "reason": "at least 10 characters"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Sample App

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
```

Sample Stack with imported template

```typescript
import { CfnInclude } from 'aws-cdk-lib/cloudformation-include';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    new CfnInclude(this, 'Template', {
      templateFile: 'my-template.json',
    });
    // Add any additional suppressions
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressionsByPath(
      this,
      '/CdkNagDemo/Template/rBucket',
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-S2',
          reason: 'at least 10 characters',
        },
      ]
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Example 2) CloudFormation template with granular suppressions</summary>

Sample CloudFormation template with suppression

```json
{
  "Resources": {
    "myPolicy": {
      "Type": "AWS::IAM::Policy",
      "Properties": {
        "PolicyDocument": {
          "Statement": [
            {
              "Action": [
                "kms:Decrypt",
                "kms:DescribeKey",
                "kms:Encrypt",
                "kms:ReEncrypt*",
                "kms:GenerateDataKey*"
              ],
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Resource": ["some-key-arn"]
            }
          ],
          "Version": "2012-10-17"
        }
      },
      "Metadata": {
        "cdk_nag": {
          "rules_to_suppress": [
            {
              "id": "AwsSolutions-IAM5",
              "reason": "Allow key data access",
              "applies_to": [
                "Action::kms:ReEncrypt*",
                "Action::kms:GenerateDataKey*"
              ]
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Sample App

```typescript
import { App, Aspects } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { CdkTestStack } from '../lib/cdk-test-stack';
import { AwsSolutionsChecks } from 'cdk-nag';

const app = new App();
new CdkTestStack(app, 'CdkNagDemo');
Aspects.of(app).add(new AwsSolutionsChecks());
```

Sample Stack with imported template

```typescript
import { CfnInclude } from 'aws-cdk-lib/cloudformation-include';
import { NagSuppressions } from 'cdk-nag';
import { Stack, StackProps } from 'aws-cdk-lib';
import { Construct } from 'constructs';

export class CdkTestStack extends Stack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, id: string, props?: StackProps) {
    super(scope, id, props);
    new CfnInclude(this, 'Template', {
      templateFile: 'my-template.json',
    });
    // Add any additional suppressions
    NagSuppressions.addResourceSuppressionsByPath(
      this,
      '/CdkNagDemo/Template/myPolicy',
      [
        {
          id: 'AwsSolutions-IAM5',
          reason: 'Allow key data access',
          appliesTo: ['Action::kms:ReEncrypt*', 'Action::kms:GenerateDataKey*'],
        },
      ]
    );
  }
}
```

</details>

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License.
